---
layout: page
title: Client Services
permalink: /client/
---

>We make it easier to transact business in Japan's very expensive marketplace

![Lakhi Mohnani](../img/lakhi-mohnani.jpg "Lakhi Mohnani"){:style="float: right; margin-left: 1em"}

We offer the professional services of a representative agent, export
management and export trading company to those firms interested in
expanding into or sourcing from the Japanese market. We can be
invaluable as intermediaries who can guide the way through Japan's
somewhat treacherous business landscape.


## Exporters ##

![Deepak Mukhi](../img/deepak-mukhi.jpg "Deepak Mukhi"){:style="float: right; margin-left: 1em;"}

The benefits of sixty-five years of experience as exporters of
Japanese products are available to our clients. We can locate the
product, obtain price quotes, negotiate with suppliers, coordinate and
consolidate shipments, ensure on-time delivery, check that the
merchandise is complete and follow up in the event of any
problems. Our multilingual professional staff has extensive knowledge
of the technical aspects of international operations, including all
types of export documentation, permits, licenses, and export
financing.

## Representative Agent ##

More and more, companies are choosing to expand to Japan through
affiliates rather than go it alone, in the well grounded belief that
the combination of products and services they offer would be best
served by developing local partnerships to carry them out. Associating
with an established foreign firm has proven to be a successful
strategy. Not only does it make cross-cultural sense, it simply makes
economic sense.  ![USA](../img/usa.jpg "USA"){:style="float:
right;margin-left: 1em;"} We can be invaluable as an intermediary by
providing market access with valuable local guidance.  We can be your
branch office in Japan, representing your company and servicing your
products and customers. We can help foreign companies get the right
start.

> It's a small world - until you have a problem on the other side of it
